class-name: Messages
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__82: membersObject
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__125: take
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__3: drop
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__4: hidden
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__5: ok
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__6: select
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__262: continue
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__8: discard
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__9 trustThisComputer
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__10: for30Days
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__11: loadingPleaseWait
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__244: connectionLost
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__13: attemptingToReestablish
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__14: startingGameEngine
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__51: preparedVisibilityMap
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__16: connectingUpdateServer
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__17: checkingForUpdates
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__235: loadedUpdateList
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__229: preparedSoundEngine
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__20: loadingFonts
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__163: loadedFonts
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__179: loadingTitleScreen
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__137: loadedTitleScreen
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__101: loadingConfig
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__25: loadedConfig
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__26: loadingSprites
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__91: loadedSprites
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__28: loadingTextures
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__29: loadedTextures
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__30: loadedInputHandler
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__31: loadingWordpack
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__32: loadedWordpack
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__33: loadingInterfaces
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__206: loadedInterfaces
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__53: blank1
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__177: enter6DigitPin
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__37: blank2
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__38: onlyJustLeftOtherWorld
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__39: profileTransferredIn
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__50: seconds
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__224: connectionTimedOut
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__239: tryDifferentWorld
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__61: blank3
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__136: blank4
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__45: errorConnectingToServer
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__36: blank5
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__47: noResponseFromServer
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__106: tryDifferentWorld2
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__19: blank6
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__154: blank7
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__222: invalidUserPass
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__52: blank8
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__253: accountDisabled
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__54: checkMessageCentreForDetails
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__44: blank9
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__56: accountAlreadyLoggedIn
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__57: tryAgainIn60Secs
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__58: blank10
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__133: runescapeHasBeenUpdated
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__205: pleaseReloadPage
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__139: blank11
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__62: worldFull
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__195: tryDifferentWorld3
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__18: blank12
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__65: unableToConnect
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__66: loginServerOffline
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__67: blank13
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__42: loginLimitExceeded
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__69: tooManyConnectionsFromAddress
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__129: blank14
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__71: unableToConnect
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__72: badSessionId
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__73: blank15
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__74: suspectSomeoneKnowsPassword
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__75: pressChangeYourPassword
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__40: blank16
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__77: mustBeMembers
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__43: pleaseSubscribe
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__79: blank17
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__80: couldNotCompleteLogin
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__212: tryDifferentWorld4
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__141: blank18
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__83: serverBeingUpdated
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__84: pleaseWait1Min
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__85: blank19
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__86: tooManyLoginAttempts
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__87: waitFewMins
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__88: blank20
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__183: inMembersOnlyArea
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__90: moveToFreeAreaToPlay
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__182: blank21
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__256: accountLockedSuspectedStolen
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__93: pressRecoverLockedAccount
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__94: blank22
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__95: worldRunningClosedBeta
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__207: invitedPlayersOnly
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__97: useDifferentWorld
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__98: invalidLoginServer
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__99: tryDifferentWorld5
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__100: blank23
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__152: malformedLoginPacket
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__102: pleaseTryAgain
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__103: blank24
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__104: noReplyFromLoginServer
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__105: pleaseWait1Min2
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__60: blank25
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__107: errorLoadingProfile
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__108: contactCustomerSupport
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__109: blank26
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__130: unexpectedLoginServerResponse
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__111: tryDifferentWorld6
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__112: blank27
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__113: computerAddressBlocked
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__114: usedToBreakRules
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__115: blank28
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__116: blank29
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__233: serviceUnavailable
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__118: blank30
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__119: blank31
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__120: enterUserEmail
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__121: blank32
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__122: blank33
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__123: enterPassword
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__124: blank34
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__41: displayNameMustBeSet
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__126: toPlaySetIt
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__127: viaWebsiteOrGame
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__248: attemptToLoginWas
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__24: unsuccessfulDontWorry
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__68: visitBillingSystem
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__258: accountCurrentlyInaccessible
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__132: tryAgainFewMins
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__149: blank35
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__134: needToVoteToPlay
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__135: visitRunescapeComAndVote
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__159: thenComeBackHere
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__70: accountNotEligible
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__138: playThisVersion
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__12: playMainGameInstead
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__34: enter6DigitCodeGenerated
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__49: authenticatorApp
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__142: blank36
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__143: enteredCodeWasIncorrect
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__144: tryAgain
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__145: blank37
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__146: unexpectedServerResponse
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__223: tryDifferentWorld7
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__148: blank38
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__215: hasLoggedIn
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__150: hasLoggedOut
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__151: unableToFind
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__155: use
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__153: examine
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__46: attack
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__55: chooseOption
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__156: moreOptions
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__157: walkHere
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__158: level
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__117: skill
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__160: pleaseWait
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__161: close
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__2: space
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__204: m1
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__164: m2
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__165: k1
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__166: k2
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__167: world
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__168: friendListFull
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__169: alreadyFriend
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__110: ignoreListFull
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__171: alreadyIgnored
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__172: cantFriendSelf
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__173: cantIgnoreSelf
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__174: pleaseRemove1
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__175: fromIgnoreList
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__21: pleaseRemove2
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__254: fromFriendList
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__178: yellow1
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__35: yellow2
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__180: red1
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__181: red2
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__27: green1
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__268: green2
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__184: cyan1
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__185: cyan2
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__186: purple1
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__187: purple2
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__7: white1
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__189: white2
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__81: flash1_1
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__191: flash1_2
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__192: flash2_1
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__193: flash2_2
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__194: flash3_1
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__269: flash3_2
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__196: glow1_1
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__197: glow1_2
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__198: glow2_1
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__199: glow2_2
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__200: glow3_1
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__201: glow3_2
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__202: wave_1
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__203: wave_2
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__272: wave2_1
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__273: wave2_2
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__243: shake1
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__131: shake2
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__96: scroll1
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__209: scroll2
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__210: slide1
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__211: slide2
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__208: runescapeIsLoading
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__92: blank39
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__214: enterUserEmailPass
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__147: blank40
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__216: warning
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__170: thisIsPVPWorld
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__218: playersCanAttackEachother1
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__219: almostEverywhere
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__220: thisIsHighRiskWorld
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__221: protectItemPrayerWill
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__23: notWorkOnThisWorld
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__217: thisIsHighRiskPVPWorld
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__234: playersCanAttackEachother2
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__225: protectItemPrayerWontWork
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__226: authenticator
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__227: cantLogIn
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__228: blank41
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__188: connectingToServer
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__230: blank42
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__231: login1
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__232: password
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__176: pin
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__89: welcomeToRunescape
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__22: newUser
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__236: existingUser
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__255: login2
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__238: cancel
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__78: forgottenPasswordClickHere
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__240: forgottenPassword
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__241: userEmail
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__190: recover
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__213: back
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__64: enterUsername
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__245: ifAccountCreatedAfterNovember
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__246: of2010WillBeCreationEmail
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__247: blank43
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__59: pageOpenedInNewWindow
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__249: checkPopupBlocker
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__250: blank44
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__251: errorConnectingToServer
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__252: blank45
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__242: thePartOfTheWebsiteYouAreTrying
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__1: toConnectToIsOffline
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__162: tryAgainLater
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__237: errorTryingTo
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__257: loginOtherPartOfWebsite
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__140: tryAgainLater
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__259 blank46
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__260: errorConnectingToServer2
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__261: blank47
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__48: mustEnterValidLogin
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__263: createdAfter24November2010
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__264: useEmailAddressOtherwiseUsername
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__265: selectWorld
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__266: membersOnlyWorld
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__267: freeWorld
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__128: world2
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__15: players
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__270: location
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__271: type
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__76: off
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__63: full
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__274: loading
field_field_Messages_Ljava_lang_String__275: clickToSwitch